Okay, the time is 20 to 3 Thursday the 20th of July, part two of Becky Lloyd's interview.
So Becky, we discussed a lot of your memories over the years before the break.
So yeah, just to kind of round up the interview, would you like to tell us kind of what Mencap means to you?
Hello, hello, erm, hmm, okay I think the better, hi.
Hello, hello, I want to, I want to, so about that, that's my best friend, hello, hello, erm.
For the interview purposes, Becky's just put her phone away. That's what she's talking about now.
It's beeping like mad. Do you want to turn it off actually, Becky?
Hello, hello.
Hot for the lady, aren't you?
Yeah, er, so about that, it's my best friend's husband.
That's my best friend too.
That's not my mum, just pop it on silent.
So gooey.
So, shall I summarise where we've got so far because we've all had a quick cup of tea.
And we talked about all your work experiences, a lot about your earlier years,
about how active you are in the community, what friendship means to you,
what you do on a daily basis, the social scene, some lovely memories I have of you.
Thank you for imparting all of those.
So we've got the opportunity now, is there anything you want to talk about with regards to your home life
or what you want to do in the future and what your interests are?
Is there anything that you want to talk about with regards to those?
Her.
Well that does sound interesting.
Well, actually, I've been doing a project actually since I was 16.
I've gone way back in the tree.
I've gone way back into the 1600s, 1700s, 1800s, 1900s, 1900s, 1900s.
I've gone way back into the tree.
I've gone way back into the 1600s, 1700s, 1800s.
It's all to do with my family tree.
Wow.
Is there anything interesting about your houses?
Yes.
Marty told me that we're, well, which is actually pretty amazing myself.
We're actually related to Sir Francis Drake.
Really?
Wow, that's interesting.
So what do you know about him?
Could you tell us a little bit about what you found out about him?
Well, as I went on the internet to find out about it, it turns out my grandma is a citizen.
So it'd be on my grandma's side.
It'd be a distant relative.
Wow, that's interesting.
Because you just mentioned your grandmother's side, but there's something I find interesting about your grandfather.
Your mum's...
Oh, dad, yeah.
Dad.
Yeah, grandpa was Andre.
It's really cool.
Take this...
You don't say Andre.
He's got this weird...
It's spelled A-N-D-R.
And then you put a I-J on the end.
And do you want to explain why?
What was his nationality?
He was from outside Kiev in Ukraine.
Wow, that's interesting.
I only found out about that about 10 years ago when I saw your mother's surname because she uses that maiden name.
That's right.
Because she's an extremely, extremely good artist.
Yes, turns out my mother is a...
Like what she said, she's an amazing artist.
She does great, great drawings.
She once did a picture mouse.
An owl cat.
Then a gypsy, a daisy, cabbie.
If you've got a picture of a pet that you want my mum to do for you, she will draw it and paint it.
But only watercolours.
I was about to say she's one of the most talented artists I've ever known.
They are pet portraits.
You've just named all your pets.
Because of course, Mike and I know mouse because he was always in our garden.
So mouse is your cat, which is...
He was.
He was, yes.
The paintings that she does of pets in watercolours, I have never seen such a fine example.
Very talented.
Yes.
It turns out when mum and dad first met one another, she went to art college in Newport.
I think that's why she's so talented.
Because she did a course.
Now I'm going to tell you an interesting fact.
You may know it, I don't know.
Okay.
But one of the art lecturers at that college in Newport was Annie's dad.
What? Annie?
Annie who...
No.
Yes.
He was, yeah.
He's a very famous artist, actually.
He's actually got a painting in the Tate in London.
And he was one of the art lecturers at Newport College of Art, wasn't he?
Yeah, that's right.
No way.
That's where your mother has studied art.
Now, thinking about the age scales of things, quite possibly she would have known him.
So there's an interesting fact of connections that we're seeing today.
Oh my Lord.
So do you share your mum's talent?
Is art something that you like to do?
Well, I'm not as good as my mother, but I am really good at art.
So some of you enjoy doing art.
We do quite a lot of art here at Mencap, actually, don't we?
We do different projects.
We do, yes.
And we've just been given permission to do a huge piece of art in the meeting room.
Oh yes.
Basically fill the whole wall, which is going to be about two metres by three metres.
So we're going to be starting that soon.
What is that all about?
They just want a big piece of art on the, what was the computer room?
No, the meeting room.
They're just going to put a huge piece of abstract kind of painting on the wall.
The guy's got free reign to do whatever we want, really.
So that should be fun.
I really hope that that will get him hurt.
I'm going to ask mum about the leptra that he had.
His name was Keith, and it was Keith Richardson.
So if you remember Annie's surname, which is Richardson,
and if you think of Keith Richards, the Rolling Stones member,
it's a combination, so it's Keith Richardson.
And see if your mother knew him.
That would be quite interesting, wouldn't it?
It would.
Yes.
So moving on with the interview, Bex, is there anything else you want to discuss?
I find that incredible, by the way.
That's blown me away by the funny tree.
Is there anything else you want to talk about?
Your love of animals.
You've got a nephew.
Oh, yeah.
You've got a loving family.
What have you jumped on then?
Right.
Now you're missing Alice.
I never thought I would be an auntie now, to be honest.
Yeah.
I thought, I knew I would be one one day, but not yet.
But I'm pleased that I just did get pregnant
because Alice is such an amazing, cheeky, cute little thing ever.
And I can see you're absolutely exuding love as you're talking about Alice.
Yeah, he's four now, and he'll be starting a mono in September.
Wow.
They're in Monmouth.
So he's Jess's son. Jess is your sister.
That's right.
You have another sister who's embarked on something special as well.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, another thing that events in the family.
It does.
Rose's job.
That's my sister.
She's a flower farmer.
But it but it burns in the family because mum's
grandmother and grandfather used to run a nursery in Somerset.
And they used to go there a lot.
They'd go to the nursery and their house, massive house, called Asham House,
had horses.
My favorite was Caramere.
I even got a picture of her.
Me, mum's nan and Caramere in the field.
This is the best horse ever.
She was a creepy colour.
I love horses.
And this was when I was like a chocolate.
I used to go to Asham a awful lot.
Bethany found a Christmas.
But my first year of Christmas didn't go very well because I was ill.
So we had to stay in shelter for my first year for Christmas.
So a year later we went down to Somerset.
Spent time at a grandma's and grandpa's old house.
And then we'd go to Asham as well.
I even had a picture taken with Father Christmas.
So the relatives who run the nursery, was that your mother's grandparents?
Yeah.
Right.
So the things I'm picking up in this interview is how things go through the generations.
It's there, isn't it, Becky?
All our skills are quite often passed down.
So I used to run this nursery with like flowers.
So I'm guessing that a great...
I'm guessing that it was more of a florist, which Rose is as well.
She's a florist.
Her bedroom is like a ceiling, shelves, all that, all covered with flowers.
Which actually is the whole of your family.
For a start, your sister is called Rose.
Yeah, that's right.
So you like wearing flowers on your clothes.
Your mother does.
I know you love the colour pink.
Yes, couture.
Absolutely. You're wearing pink as we speak.
Yes, that's always been a big part of what I think of with your family is flowers, actually.
And here's the other connection.
Rose, your sister, is actually doing the wedding flowers for my daughter coming up in September.
Oh, what?
Is she?
Yes.
So that's another connection.
Oh, wow.
Is there anything you'd like to ask Michael or me about anything as part of an interview?
Would you like to ask a question?
What like?
Anything you want, within reason.
No, no wrong questions.
We haven't touched on Covid.
How do you feel about Covid?
Oh, right, OK.
Well, tell you the truth.
I've never been like this at all.
But since Covid has started, I've been more aware that it's around her.
And I've been paying more attention to wash my hands, like awful lot, make sure I don't use like too hot.
But I would make sure that I wash myself in a comfortable, heating in the bath or shower because it kills germs and bacteria.
And anything that kills it is better.
Especially with.
I'm trying not to get it.
Well, thank you for sharing that, actually.
That is an important thing that's come out of it.
And that's a positive thing about and the more awareness of hygiene.
And to be honest, I think that's the case with everyone.
I'm certainly more aware of it.
Do you want to talk about how you felt during that time?
Or is it something that you don't want to talk about?
I felt like I never liked sharing hand towels.
And because they're my own one.
And you wouldn't believe this.
I would believe that it's.
So we were aware of what was happening when that pandemic hit because we all had to learn fairly quickly.
And do you remember the rules that the Welsh government laid down about not going to supermarkets?
Not having friends?
I mean, your relatives are from Somerset.
Did that affect you?
Or how did you cope?
Well, that's only two of them.
Grandma and Auntie.
Yes.
Yeah.
Her.
But all the other ones.
I think exactly everything at Somerset.
I'm not entirely sure.
That my mum's cousin, just I.
And.
Awesome.
That we don't know who are living in Somerset.
But most of the people who live there are not a not a person anymore.
Right.
And.
My my my sister.
Kathleen.
And she was a a a.
And.
If you make addresses.
Her.
Seems to.
That's it.
Yeah.
Her.
And of course, I picked up that you studied textiles at college.
Yes, actually. So I did test on college.
So.
Her.
I'm not sure.
Nothing there.
But.
To covid and.
It was a point where I.
A day away down here.
At one point.
Because.
Jim, her. That was because it was a Christmas and having Auntie and Grandma
coming up, so I couldn't make present people for her.
So you took the very sensible approach about not, about avoiding places here
where we've got groups of people in and the gym. So all in all then you've got
through Covid. Yes. It's now made you very aware, like I said, of hygiene.
And you got through it basically, didn't you?
I didn't have a tiny bit of a setback bit.
The day that I had my birthday, Dora decided to use a bit of my mouthwash.
I didn't mean to. It was just, she totally understood after a while.
It's just like a sharing stuff. But it comes to mouth.
Yes. No, that's fair enough. I agree. I'm sure people will understand that.
I'd be the same. But Dora got a tiny bit upset over it. She didn't mean to.
Yeah, well, accidents happen, but I'm sure she understood when you explained.
So would you like to ask Michael or me any questions? Because you've known us
quite a few years, which is probably going to come across in this interview.
I'll say on Rose's, how old are you now? I'm 32. Yeah, so I'm guessing a 30-year-old.
Yeah, you've probably got quite a few memories of your mother.
Rose, your sister and Michael have gone through school right up until to come.
Yeah, there's Rose, me and Rose as toddlers together.
That's right. She's October, Michael's December. That's right.
So Rose would have celebrated a Covid 30th, same as I celebrated a 60th during Covid.
Not the best times. Yeah, because I remember you had white hair, white blonde hair.
He did, he was white. Yeah.
Albino when I was a child.
You came over for Rose's birthday. I played in all sorts.
Yeah, I remember playing in your garden and coming round for tea and stuff like that when I was younger.
I do remember a nirvato of all three of you. It was you, Kim and Rose.
I think two of you had your tops off.
Do we? Probably me, I was only naked as a kid.
Not much has changed.
Just to give you a memory, you live on the back of us.
And I, and your dad's quite tall, a bit like Michael and my husband.
And I've got memories of seeing you as a toddler. You were always on your dad's shoulders.
So I used to see toddler Becky just going past our fence every day.
Your dad Mark always had you on his shoulders.
He had another link through Mencap. I know he's not part of, well he may be part of Mencap, I'm not sure.
But you know, Alison. Alison Bray, yes.
When my dad first put me home after being born, you won't believe who was our neighbour sector.
It would have been Alison and...Andy. And Ben.
Wow. Small world.
I just want to, I think we're coming to the end of this now with the interview.
I would like to say to you that I've enjoyed it very much. Thank you very much.
Michael, I'm sure you have.
Yeah, you've done a really good job. You answered wonderfully. You've got some great stories in there.
I really appreciate you doing it. Thank you.
And I hope it's been enjoyable for you, Becky.
It has. It has. Good.
Yeah, well so what we'll do is we'll go away, have a listen to it ourselves and then you can listen to the recording yourself.
Cool. Yeah.
Yeah, and then we'll decide maybe what bits we'd like to use for the exhibition and we'll let you know.
And can I ask, do other people hear what I'm saying?
Eventually, if you're comfortable with that.
Cool.
The forms we signed before, Laska and what not, just close in.
I'll find out about that.
Yeah, well we won't, obviously we won't play or let anything public that you're not comfortable being public,
but I think most of what we've spoken about is good content and I think people would like to hear it.
And to be honest, I do want Kenny to hear it because I said earlier that I'm pleased that I've been a night with her.
Yeah, okay, cool.
Alright, well we'll end it there then guys. Okay, if anyone wants to say goodbye.
Yeah, bye. Thank you.
Ta-ra.